I.a.1
INADDR_ANY, 0.0.0.0/0x00000000

I.a.2
a) -1: An error has occurred and the errno is set accordingly.
b) 0: Either the stream socket peer has sent a "EOF" to indicate end of communication, or a zero-size datagram has been received, or 0 bytes was requested from a stream socket. Can often be handled as an ordinary shutdown like in the iterative server.
c) 0 < ret < kTransferBufferSize: ret bytes were successfully received.
d) ret = kTransferBufferSize: either the full message is received, or the message is truncated. Either way a null terminator is added, and we attempt to read more. If the message was truncated we can read more, otherwise we get a 0, which causes us to stop reading.

I.a.3
On an error -1 is returned.
errno is set to ECONNRESET on connection reset.
MSG_NOSIGNAL suppresses the SIGPIPE signal. It still gets the EPIPE.

I.a.4
The reason for the server exiting on setup failure is probably due to it being unrecoverable due to no external interactions.
The reason for handling errors in the interaction loop more graciously could be that a single client error doesn't mean that all clients will fail.
EBADF is a setup error, with the fd not being open for reading/writing. This is unrecoverable so the server should crash.
EFAULT is unrecoverable as well, occurring if the accept is unable to write the incoming client to a variable.
EINVAL is unrecoverable, and occurrs if the socket has been invalidly setup.
ENFILE should crash, it seems pretty bad if all possible fds are open.
ENOTSOCK happens due to bad setup, and should crash.
EOPNOTSUPP see above.

I.b.1
When client_process_send or client_process_recv returns a non zero value.

I.c.1
When attempting to connect a second client the state for it is ESTABLISHED -.
We do not receive a response for it.
This is probably due to the server being busy waiting in the while ( processFurther ) loop.

I.c.2
When closing the connection to the first client the second one connects, and is successfully able to send and receive from the server.

I.c.3
Roundtrip time between machines was approx. 150ms.
Local it was around 2 ms.

I.c.4
The largest factor is waiting for the server to respond.


